eldest nephew
I didn't expect you to be abandoned by Gu Qianyong
What you do is remember
Grandpa knew that Dingshen was always a famous pervert
What does he molest your wife have to do with me?
Also rob
You don't think the cost won't betray
Princess, I invite you one last time
Stop deliberately challenging my bottom line
Let you get all of Lu Enterprises' past
See how crazy you are
How is mom
Already awake
Mommy, someone made you pork ribs soup
I hope you can forgive me.
I just took a look.
Take a look and leave
Is it delicious?
Well, I'll go see the sheep.
Mom, it's alright
And this is going abroad to handle company business.
So that trick you learned from mom
You also think that I am soft-hearted, so it is easy to deceive, not sister.
This is your home.
When did you become so unreasonable?
I remember teaching a lot of people
Disrespect the choices of others
I don't need you to teach me
I don't like it when you're always acting like
The attitude of an elder comes to face me
Sister like mother
It is my duty to teach you
We are not related by blood
Don't forget that you were only adopted by your parents
Don't you remind me
I always remember
That's why I can think so firmly
Leave this home
That's not what I mean Xiao Rui
If you stop lying to me
Don't blame anyone for being ruthless
I don't even have siblings to do it at home
I don't want to be your brother and sister at all
What does that mean?